Main Ideas to early story line I'll add more detail to other areas as I think of them.

1. You start off in your home town which is a peaceful village far from any harm or danger.

2. One day the world becomes dark and stormy and minutes later you look on as black robed men walk into your town and to your horror they begin killing everyone and you are knocked out in the scuffle

3. You awake to your town completley burned and none of the villagers have survived the attack.

4. Amongst the rubble you find basic equipment (like a sword and basic armor) and to your surprise an old man who is barely alive.

5. Desperatley seeking aid from a village nearby and fending off deadly mutated mushrooms (SHOCK HORROR) the old man recovers and tells you his story of what happened.

6. You learn that the old man overheard a conversation before he was injured about where the black robed men were heading and seeking vengence you head out after them with the old man.

7. What follows is your basic dectective quests finding info in towns doing favours to gain knowledge of where the men went next etc.
 While these dectective quests occur the old man teaches you how to use your inner power like casting magic etc etc.

8. When you eventually find the robed men you find out that the old man is actually the leader of the group who destroyed your village (Oh the humanity!)

9. You find out that the men were tracking a strange dark power that they suspected had taken over the villagers minds except for you and they had no choice but to kill them.

(ok this might get a little confusing but stick with me here)

(I'n not sure if this can be implemented in the game but this is where you have a choice to either kill all the men and the old man who destroyed your town or work with them)

(Number 10 is your generally good choice number 11 is EVIL!)

10. Reluctantly you agree to help them for the meanwhile to answer the question of why they left you alone.
(if you choose this option you will do mini quests for the old man and other memebers of this mysterious group to proove your skill and strength and eventually find out about your bloodline. 
The father bit doesn't get revealed till endgame (see point 11) :P)

11. You decide to slaughter all those who destroyed your village including the old man who you fight last. You mortally wound the old man but before he dies he reveals that
he is in fact your father. You also learn that you are a desendent of an ancient bloodline who have been fighting the darkness for centuries and are the only ones able to defeat the darkness. 
With his last breath he mentions a town and a name.

(Ok so from here both options follow one path for awhile)

12. If you picked point 10 in the game then the old man will send you to a town looking for someone named Xaeus another member of this mysterious group to train you further 
(point 11 will be the same with little differences obviously)

13.When you meet Xaeus he tells you more of your ancient bloodline and its mysterious powers. You also learn of a secret family tomb which houses a weapon to help combat the darkness

14. Together with Xaeus you set off to this tomb to find the weapon.

15. Once you acquire this weapon villagers alert you that a nearby town is under attack from strange dark figures.

16 Together with Xeaus you set off for more dectective quests following the trail of destruction until you find the darkness.

17. Small battles with dark beings occur before you finally reach the centre of the darkness at which point the old man catches up with you to help you with the final battle.

18. A super ultra mega awesome evil dude appears for the final battle and as you defeat him he lunges out and stabs the old man.

19. As he dies the old man tells you everything about him (including the father bit..... see what I did there?) and his group and how it contains an entire family of your bloodline and his wish for you to become the leader
of this group to continue to combat the darkness.

20. You accept the position and your father dies in your arms. Thus ending the game and making room for le second game.

First off ok ok I know there are plot points that need to be fixed and the story needs to be fleshed out more but we can iron em out if this concept gets picked.
This is just a basic skeleton of a plot of how I want the layout of the story to progress TO IT'S COMPLETLEY UNORIGNAL ENDING. So yeah let me know what you think
I might upload changes before Jak's stupid deadline :D.


 









