Name: TBA


1:After 14 long years of fighting over a scared stone nation X and Nation Y (names TBA) have reached a peace agreement where
 the Stone will be stored at a Fortress on the boarder of the two Nations.


2:The Stone Is to be guarded by equal members from both factions.


3:On the 2 year anniversary of the peace agreement the stone is stolen, leaving Guards from both nations dead.


4:This events sparks and up roar between to two nations who blame each other for the theft.


5:Both Nations begin preparing for war.


6:In the hope of avoiding another war, Nation Y enlists the services of Detective Guy (name TBA), a veteran of the first
 war now working as a Theft Detective.


7:He begins investigating into the Theft of the Stone with his Partner.


8:The investigation leads the behind enemy lines, where they are discovered and Hunted down as spys.


9:Guys Partner is killed and Guy is forced to in to hiding under the protection of Detective Lucy (Name TBA) enlisted by 
Nation X for the same reason as Guy.


10:They reach the conclusion that neither Nation stole the Stone, and begins their join investigation of finding the true
 Culprit, while being Hunted by Both Nations for their “traitorous acts” of siding with the enemy.


11:Their investigation leads them Back and forth between both Nations.


12:After discovering the Culprits, and conglomerate of Weapons Manufacturers, they make it their number one priority to 
expose them to the world in order to clear their names.  


13:After Exposing the conglomerate, the two nations join together to take down the Weapons Manufacturers (seeing as they 
are quite powerful themselves).


14:This is where the game ends, stopping one war only to create another.


Setting: similar to our 1920’s.

Combat: manly punch ups, Hench men trying to stop the investigation and the occasional Gun fight with either one of the
 nations. (both playing out the same with damage and visual effects being the main difference) 

Game play: the main part of the game play revolves around investigation, piecing together clues that lead you to the next lead.
