Only a rought idea at this stage, lemme know what you guys think

A lone man, the last mercenary to survive the culling, called to arms by a battered and broken empire. After being left shattered by the reckoning of the underground, he had been sent back to the heart of the ruins to uncover something...a twisted truth, that one little white lie which had started the end of our kind...The Last Mercenary...sent to recover the past...in hopes of salvaging the future...


The Reckoning of the Underground: A Few months ago, these strange creatures burrowed through the ground and emerged on the surface, driven by rage, greed and a wierd mutational disease. They had long ago dwelled in the basking glow of the sun during the ancient times, but were driven to the dark abyss of our hallowed out mines due to our ancestors inability to accept the different and non-human. Over time, they began to loathe all humankind, began to hate us...began...a campaign to wipe us out...There had been several raids now and then on outlying villages, but strangely with minimal casualties, if any...Over time, we had simply forgotten about them, as no tales had been told about the banished creatures...they on the other hand, had never forgotten...they told their offspring generation to generation about our cruelty and malice. Recently, we had been storing up waste in the abandoned mines, and they happened across it. This leaked a mutagen amongst them. they had begun to mutate, to change, to grow...Then one day, they came...in great force, the relentlessly attacked every man, women and child in sight. countless towns and villages were wiped out, giant citadels being toppled to the ground. Us mercenaries were the only ones who could deal with these creatures strangely enough, not the even the greatest trained empirial guards could last a few seconds going toe to toe with one of them. And thus, was the beginning of the end for the mercenary.

a battered and broken empire, the heart of the ruins...: 